feat(dedibox): adding a Web Hosting classic termination (#4126)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/classic-hosting/how-to/terminate-online-classic-hosting.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to terminate a Online Web Hosting plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: How to terminate an Online Web Hosting plan
```

  description: Learn how to terminate a Online Web Hosting plan
content:

>   h1: How to terminate a Online Web Hosting plan 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: How to terminate an Online Web Hosting plan 
```

  paragraph: This guide explains how to terminate a Online Web Hosting plan
  tags: hosting webhosting terminate online console delete cancel
dates:
  posted: 2024-12-17
  validation: 2024-12-17
categories:
  - dedibox-console
---

> <Macro id="requirements" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Macro id="requirements" />
```

- A Dedibox account logged into the [console](https://console.online.net)
- An active Online Web Hosting plan

## How to terminate your Online Web Hosting plan

> 1. Click your username, next to _logged in as_, in the top right corner of the [Online console](https://console.online.net/). From the drop-down menu, select **Services**. The service page displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Click your username, next to _logged in as_, in the top right corner of the [Online console](https://console.online.net/). From the drop-down menu, select **Services**. The service page displays.
```

2. Click the **Detail** next to the Web Hosting plan you want to terminate. The **Hosting plan information** page displays.
3. Click **Terminate**. A pop-up displays.
4. Click **Confirm Termination**. The Web Hosting plan and all associated options display.

> 5. Check the box **Reason for termination** which correspond to why you terminate. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Check the **Reason for termination** box which best suits your case.
```

6. Click **TERMINATE THIS SERVICE AND OPTION ASSOCIATED** to confirm the termination.

<Message type="important">

> Your Online Web Hosting Plan will be terminated immediatly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your Online Web Hosting plan will be terminated immediately.
```

> Make sure, before doing it, that you have saved every files from FTP and emails from webmail or your mail client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before terminating, ensure that you have saved all your files from FTP and all emails from webmail or your mail client.
```
